Subtitles by DramaFever
[Episode 6]
Why did you bring all your
stuff with you?
I'm going to go somewhere else.
I keep reading the lines that
I'm writing out loud
so I'm being a nuisance
to my juniors.
Do you want to grab something to eat?
The food here is only 4,000 won?
How cheap.
I was going to buy something cheaper
but I splurged a little.
Come work at my house.
I'll be at work, so my house will be
empty until tonight.
Did your mother leave?
I was so taken aback since
she's so young and pretty.
She looks like she's young
enough to be my older sister!
The passcode
for my house is...
I don't like being a burden
to others.
You can repay me then.
With what?
Um... be my taste tester.
What kinds of dishes do you like?
Soups.
Whoa!
Wow!
What a refreshing taste!
Clams are good for people
who use their brains a lot.
Yum!
This is good, too.
Not as good as my mom used
to make when I was younger, though.
I mean, it's probably because there's
a story behind my mom's cooking
that I remember it
being more delicious.
So food tastes better to you
when there's a story behind it?
Yes.
So when you open your own restaurant
be sure to include an item on your
menu that has a story behind it.
It'll be a huge hit.
Have I sufficiently repaid you
for the meal you made me?
Yes.
Will this omurice make it onto
your restaurant's menu, Chef?
Nope.
Sheesh.
Thank you for the meal!
You're wearing your
sweater inside out.
I was going to tell
you earlier
but I thought you'd be
embarrassed, so I didn't.
I wore it inside-out
on purpose, though.
Why?
The stitches were irritating me.
I should've told you earlier, then!
I don't know why I got so scared.
Senior Joon Ha...
Oh, I have a senior from
college who is a PD at SBC.
And he says that I'm too blunt
and that I'll be stoned
to death one of these days.
Did you refrain from telling me because
you though I'd stone you to death?
Oh, how refreshing. I thought
I'd die if I kept it inside!
I also thought that it might just
be your sense of style
since you're always
wearing things inside out.
You should've just asked,
instead of waiting so long to ask.
I know, right?
But, um...
why does it feel like...
you're not making soups to
experiment with new menu items
but you're making them only because
I told you that I like soups?
Are your hunches
usually correct?
No.
Well, you're wrong
this time, too.
I want to eat something spicy!
Here.
Ooh!
Oh, that's hot!
Yum!
Delicious.
It's delicious.
I really like it.
Want to clink glasses?
- Is this how you seduce women?
- What do you mean?
You're being too affectionate.
I'm not affectionate.
What is this, then?
Are you being affectionate
because I'm not a woman to you?
Do you want me to treat you like a woman?
No.
For me, work comes before love right now.
Did you hear back from
Alain Passard?
I sent him another email.
You said it'll take about five years for
you to come back if you leave, right?
How old will I be, then?
I'll be 34.
I could be married by then.
If you tell me not to go,
then I won't go.
Why would you stay for me?
I'm not that important.
But we kissed.
There's no reason to put meaning behind
a no-strings-attached kiss.
We just got caught up in the
moment that day, after all.
I've decided to just
leave it at that.
It was actually nice to
not take things too seriously
for once in my life.
Wow, you're so cool.
I'm only acting that way.
Because I'm older than you.
I just feel like I should make sure
that we adhere to the guidelines.
Your appeal is that you
don't put on an act, though.
Your appeal just dropped.
I'll just have to pick it up, then.
You're such a smooth talker.
Is that what you like about me?
Yeah.
Of course you do.
So you act cocky too, huh?
[Hong Ah]
It's Hong Ah.
Yeah.
[Hong Ah]
Aren't you going to pick it up?
Pour me another shot.
Hey, hey, hey.
She's here again.
Wow, what a player. I guess you have
a way with both men and women, huh?
She's really pretty, but
she's not really my type.
What do you mean,
she's not your type?
She's one-size-fits-all!
A goddess!
Hey.
Hey!
You take inventory,
starting today.
But that's your job, Sous Chef.
The chef told you to be
my assistant.
Have you forgotten?
What, you don't want to?
No.
Hey, tell him which items
need restocking.
Cauliflower and sea urchin.
Oh, we're out of salmon.
Caviar, too.
Tell me how much you need.
[A Man Who Eats Rare Steak]
[Kyung]
Yeah, Kyung?
Um, Hyun Soo.
Writer Park wants you to come back
starting tomorrow.
I can't.
You know how she fired me.
Give me the phone.
I'll give the phone to
Writer Park.
No.
Hey, Hyun Soo.
Yes, Writer Park.
Do you have a grudge
against me?
People are all capable
of saying nasty things.
Just imagine how hard it was for me
to reach out to you!
But, as you know,
Kyung is the type of girl
who doesn't even know
what an "episode" is!
She's the one who does
all the grunt work!
Hyun Soo.
Are you really going to refuse,
when I'm asking you like this?
I thought you liked and
respected me.
Or was all of that a lie?
What were you up to
all this time?
I was preparing my script
for the open call.
Show it to me.
I'll give you some feedback.
Um, yes.
Thank you.
Sure.
- Do you want to eat?
- No.
You can't even make
ramen properly?
This is porridge, not ramen!
I just wanted you to be
able to digest it well.
You've been having
digestive issues lately.
But you still said that
you wanted ramen.
Really? So you were being
considerate, huh?
What to do, though, when I can't
eat this since it's so disgusting?
I'm sorry.
Ugh.
This is why you'll never make it!
Because you worry about
stupid things like this!
Thank you.
Don't come in until I call you in.
Yes, Sir.
You took a new family portrait.
Looks like you get along.
It looks so peaceful.
Why did you come here?
Why didn't you pick up my calls?
Why would I, when
things are over between us?
How can they be? We have a child.
Stop using the kid
for this kind of thing.
Hey!
What?
Are you going to hit me?
Hit me, so I can reminisce on what
it was like when we lived together.
Leave.
You think I'll leave just
because you tell me to?
Do I still look like the Yoo Young Mi
you used to beat up?
Why did you only hit me?
How come you don't hit this woman?
How long will you continue
to act like this?
Pick up my calls.
Once my husband,
always my husband.
Tell me your bank account number.
You're not allowed
to be happy...
until I'm happy.
You stayed in one spot for so long.
That's not like you at all.
You look like the type to flit around.
I like staying home and reading.
That's why I still write.
Everyone thinks that I'm an extrovert
but I'm actually an introvert.
- Oh my!
- Oh!
Are... are you okay?
What is your problem?
You think my pretty face
is for you to look at and enjoy?
What are you going on about?
You bumped into me!
You may be pretty, but
you have a nasty attitude.
What?
Nasty attitude?
This is sexual harassment!
Do you know how uncomfortable
your look made me feel?
Why are you speaking informally to me?
What, you think I can't get mad?
What are you going to do, huh?
I'm sorry.
She's a little sensitive right now.
Is it a crime to say that
she's pretty, when she is?
It's not, but she said that
it's making her uncomfortable.
But she went overboard too,
so please let it go.
Why, you little...
I work at that restaurant there.
Please come by sometime.
I'll serve you delicious food.
Hey, what is your problem?
Why are you picking fights
with random people passing by?
Do you know how dirty it makes me feel
when a guy looks at me like that?
Even so, just take it.
Most people in the world just endure
the things that make them annoyed.
Take me home.
I knew you'd say that,
so I already called a cab.
Here it is.
Get in.
Ugh, I can't do this.
Huh?
Where are you going?
Hey, get me a cup of coffee.
Yes, Ma'am.
I have something I need to
say to you, Writer Park.
Say it here, then.
I'm sorry, but I can't be
your assistant writer.
I'd already decided to focus and
work on my own script this year...
so I can't focus on yours.
You call this writing? Where do you
get off acting so high and mighty?
I thought you'd write well, since you're
so good at analyzing other people's work.
But, what is this?
The characters, directions,
and their lines!
You didn't write a single
one of those correctly!
Is it really that much of a mess?
You think that the open call for
script submissions is a joke?
You know that I judged the first round of
the competition last year for SBC, right?
This wouldn't have passed
even the first round.
Know your damn place
instead of acting high and mighty!
- [The Man Who Eats Rare Steak]
- Ugh, why is this so strong and sweet?
I put two packets in,
since you seemed tired.
How is it that you can't
do anything right?
Just do as I say! Why are you thinking?
I'm quitting, too.
What?
I have my own thoughts
and feelings
but all you ever do is yell at me.
You're going to drive me crazy.
I can't be of any help to you, anyway.
I can't do this anymore.
Goodness!
Oh, goodness!
Hey, wait, you...
Do you even have a place to go?
I can just go to a student hostel.
Ugh!
This is why they say that you
shouldn't take in other people's kids!
I fed you and gave you a place
to stay when you had nowhere to go!
You sure did teach her well.
I'm going to make sure that you two
never make it in this industry!
I do have that kind of power,
at least, you know!
Ugh!
[DF Ver] E06 Temperature of Love "Work Comes Before Love"
-= Ruo Xi =-
I came here because I had no
way to get in touch with you.
Would you like to come in?
Let's just chat here briefly.
Why did your mother come back?
What, is she not allowed to come back?
I was uneasy when you came back.
Because I was afraid that
she'd follow you here.
She came to see me,
and threw a fit today.
Please, take your mother
and leave.
Let's all live in peace, okay?
What could I possibly do?
She listens to you, at least.
Your mother is a crazy woman.
And who was it
who made her that way?
Everyone blames everyone else
for their problems.
It's not like I did it for no reason.
She kept provoking me!
I was there.
I'm begging you.
Miss!
Oh, hello.
I got a call from the real estate agent.
They're coming to see the house tomorrow.
I think it'll be rented out soon.
What do you mean?
Your younger sister is putting
the house up for rent
and asked me to give her back
her security deposit.
What?
You put the house up for rent?
Yeah. How long were you
planning to mooch off me?
What do you mean?
I found a place to live on my own.
Half of the deposit is mine,
so I'm going to take it and go.
So have a nice life.
I have to take measures
like these for you to finally
get your act together and
get your head out of the clouds.
[From: Alain Passard]
[I was moved by how passionate you are.]
[I would like to work with you.
Alain Passard]
[Lee Hyun Soo]
[Inside the bathroom (night)
Won Shik sobs, embraced by Yoon Ha]
[Ohn Jung Seon]
Yeah?
Were you asleep?
No.
So why do you sound
like that, then?
Were you crying?
No.
Why'd you call?
It's really late.
You've hit the jackpot,
Ms. Hyun Soo.
Something great happened to me
and you're the person I've chosen
to share my happiness with.
You heard back from
Alain Passard, didn't you?
Yeah.
Wow, congratulations!
Do you want to meet up now?
I can't.
But we live in the same neighborhood.
I'll meet you in front of your place.
Surely you can see me
for just a short while.
I said no!
Wow, way to act your age.
You're being stubborn because
you're not getting your way.
Sorry.
Get some sleep, then.
Okay.
Congrats again.
[Caviar purchase log]
Get over here. You were
doing inventory this week, weren't you?
Yes.
Explain to me
how this happened.
This is weird.
I only ordered one pack.
So why does it say that
there were two this week?
Yes, why?
Why are you asking me that,
when you ordered it?
Did you do this because
I yelled at you a little?
Are you implying that I stole
from the restaurant?
Everything is pointing to you!
I came to this place because
of my trust in you.
But today, you've broken that trust.
- Are you saying you didn't do it?
- I didn't do it.
Who was it, then?
I really wanted to leave
this place on a good note.
What do you mean by that?
I'm quitting.
How could you do this to me?
I treasured you so much!
I am thankful to you for that.
That's fine and all, but how will you
take responsibility for this?
I guess the order I made was wrong,
so I'll compensate you.
So it's true that you're from
a rich family, isn't it?
That's why you're such
an asshole!
We'll only be able to meet
again at a later date
if you don't stoop to character
assassination, don't you think?
I need you to come with me somewhere.
It seems that your ancestors
did a lot of work for the government.
"My ancestors?"
How funny.
My grandfather, and my dad.
They're right above me
on our family tree.
Am I doing this right?
Like this?
There's no such thing
as the "right way."
How do you do it,
Mr. Ohn Jung Seon?
I do it a little differently,
since I learned to do it differently.
I heard that you quit
your job at the restaurant
and figured that this was my chance.
Can you give me
anything I want?
And what is it that you want?
You, CEO Park.
Making you cringe is addictive.
I got addicted for just a moment.
Oh, so this is what it feels like
to be on the receiving end.
I'll refuse, for now.
Want to just call me Big Bro?
I don't make offers like this
to just anyone, you know.
Maybe a couple of years down the line.
But if I do open my own restaurant...
I'll open it with you, Big Bro.
Try this and see if it's any good.
I want a critique from
Chef Ohn Jung Seon.
Yum!
You cooked the noodles
a little too much.
This is how I usually
like my noodles.
Hello, this is Lee Hyun Soo.
I'm calling you because there's
something I want to talk to you about.
When do you have time?
Sorry for making you
come all this way.
It's all right.
The person who has something to say
should be the one to travel.
And what is it that
you wanted to say?
I'll accept the offer
you made me last time.
3 million won per month.
Only if the offer is
still valid, though.
Can you start working tomorrow?
Of course!
Want to try hitting one?
No, I'm not really in the mood
for that right now.
You have to do what the owner tells
you to do even if you're not in the mood.
That's how a company works.
You have to do whatever you're
told even if it pisses you off.
I'll do it.
Whoa!
Can I give it another shot?
- No.
- Why not?
Because you want to.
Let's go and eat something.
Do we have to eat? I don't
really want to, though.
I mean, um...
don't you feel uncomfortable
watching people do something
you forced them to do?
Not in the slightest.
You're doing it against your will
because you don't want to upset me.
That's only possible for me
if I have power.
Oh, so you like having power, I see.
Yep, I do.
I'll happily eat, Sir,
instead of forcing myself!
Want me to send this to you
as a package?
No, can you hold on to it for me
for the time being?
Sure.
What did Hyun Soo say?
The situation is a bit grim, since
Ms. Hyun Soo has her own life, too.
You didn't ask her to
wait for you, did you?
You really know nothing about women.
For women, love trumps all!
Hyun Soo's mind is all over the place now
since she's looking for a part-time job.
So if you tell her to
wait for you now
she'll love it.
You're saying this because
you know nothing about her.
To her, work is more important than love.
- Did you ask her?
- I did ask her.
It's because you only asked
her once! You should've asked twice!
There's no way she'd say yes immediately
when she's older than you.
How do you have such little common sense?
Wait, really?
Yeah.
Call her before you leave and
see if she picks up or not.
She's not the type to ignore calls.
She might pick up and
reject me, though.
Your palate is just like
a little kid's, CEO Park.
My mother used to make this for me
often when I was young.
I eat it when I miss her.
You can just go see her if
you want, can't you?
I'm sorry.
Looks like I asked a low-caliber
question again.
Did your mother pass away?
Yeah.
How old were you
when it happened?
[Ohn Jung Seon]
I won't pick it up.
Do you want to?
Subtitles by DramaFever
[Temperature of Love]
Will you wait for me?
I think that love is silly.
Sorry.
You actually really liked Hyun Soo?
No, I loved her.
Even though she rejected me.
I like you.
I want to start a family.
There's a man I love.
I only realized this
after he was gone.
We have five reservations for lunch.
We must be true, careful, and focused!
Congrats.
So you became a chef, huh?
Congrats on becoming a writer.
[Tomorrow night at 10 p.m...]
[Temperature of Love]